# assessor
The Assessor serves as a tool within this framework, responsible for collecting relevant data and generating assessment reports. By utilizing the Compute Engine API, the Assessor retrieves critical information regarding VPCs, subnetworks, and routes from the customer's GCP environment.

The data generated by the Assessor plays a vital role in the overall assessment process. It is subsequently ingested and analyzed by a dedicated module called the "Assessor Analyzer." The Assessor Analyzer leverages advanced algorithms and analysis techniques to process the assessment data, identify potential issues, and provide insightful recommendations for the migration process.

This script is written in Python and uses the Google Cloud SDK library to interact with the Compute Engine API. It lists information about VPCs (Virtual Private Clouds), subnetworks, and routes in Google Cloud projects. The script authenticates with the Compute Engine API using the default Google Cloud credentials and retrieves the necessary information using the provided project ID and region.

The script supports the following command line arguments:

    --project: Required argument. Specifies the project IDs for which you want to retrieve network information. Multiple project IDs can be provided by separating them with commas.
    --region: Required argument. Specifies the regions for which you want to retrieve network information. Multiple regions can be provided by separating them with commas.
    --verbose: Optional argument. When provided, it enables verbose mode and prints the network information to the screen in addition to writing it to JSON files.

Here's an example command to run the script:

python assessor-cli.py --project project1,project2 --region us-central1,us-east1 --verbose

In the above example, the script will retrieve network information for project1 and project2 in the regions us-central1 and us-east1. The verbose mode is enabled, so the information will be printed to the screen as well as written to JSON files.

